Hello! I am Anusha Muthiah and welcome to week 2 of the Introduction to HTML5.
This week, we are going to cover global and
non-global attributes and how to use them, paying close attention
to the commonly used ones such as 'id' and 'class'.
In addition, you'll learn about the importance of separating content
and style in HTML5,
as well as look at the difference between semantic and style tags.
We will study semantic elements, why they are important as well as look at their usage in various examples.
In the second half, we will cover how to add images to your HTML.
Images make everything more interesting.
For example, we will learn how to use the image tag and its attributes.
We will also look at scenarios where it is more appropriate to add images
using CSS instead. Finally, we will learn how to add hyperlinks
to your Web page and their different uses. At the end of each subsection, you'll be able to do
exercises based on what you've learned
and test your knowledge by doing a quiz.
We hope you enjoy the course and happy learning!